Revise windows in kubernetes section (#39578)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/windows/_index.md

---
title: "Windows in Kubernetes"
simple_list: true
weight: 200 # late in list
description: >-
  Kubernetes supports nodes that run Microsoft Windows.
---

Kubernetes supports worker {{< glossary_tooltip text="nodes" term_id="node" >}}
running either Linux or Microsoft Windows.

{{% thirdparty-content single="true" %}}

The CNCF and its parent the Linux Foundation take a vendor-neutral approach

> towards compatibility: the Kubernetes project produces open source software

Reviewer: Not sure if this tone is correct. "the Kubernetes project produce things to make Windows worker node a reality" ... is it accurate? I'm afraid there are things produced by the wider CNCF community and some adjacent communities.

> towards compatibility: the Kubernetes project produces open source software
> that you can run on
> your [Windows server](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server) so
> that it operates as a Kubernetes node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
towards compatibility. It is possible to join your [Windows server](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server)
as a worker node to a Kubernetes cluster.
```

> You can [install and set up kubectl on Windows](/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl-windows/) no matter what operating system you use within your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can [install and set up kubectl on Windows](/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl-windows/)
no matter what operating system you use within your cluster.
```
